registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-activator:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-activator
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-autoscaler-hpa:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-autoscaler-hpa
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-autoscaler:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-autoscaler
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-controller:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-controller
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-domain-mapping-webhook:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-domain-mapping-webhook
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-domain-mapping:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-domain-mapping
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-queue:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-queue
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-storage-version-migration:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-storage-version-migration
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-autoscale:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-autoscale
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-failing:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-failing
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-grpc-ping:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-grpc-ping
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-hellohttp2:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-hellohttp2
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-hellovolume:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-hellovolume
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-helloworld:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-helloworld
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-httpproxy:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-httpproxy
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-pizzaplanetv1:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-pizzaplanetv1
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-pizzaplanetv2:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-pizzaplanetv2
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-readiness:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-readiness
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-runtime:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-runtime
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-servingcontainer:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-servingcontainer
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-sidecarcontainer:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-sidecarcontainer
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-singlethreaded:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-singlethreaded
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-timeout:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-timeout
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-volumes:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-volumes
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-test-wsserver:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-test-wsserver
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-serving-webhook:knative-nightly quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-serving-webhook
