registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-apiserver-receive-adapter quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-apiserver-receive-adapter
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-appender quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-appender
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-channel-controller quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-channel-controller
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-channel-dispatcher quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-channel-dispatcher
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-controller quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-controller
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-event-display quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-event-display
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-heartbeats quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-heartbeats
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-heartbeats-receiver quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-heartbeats-receiver
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-migrate quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-migrate
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-mtbroker-filter quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-mtbroker-filter
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-mtbroker-ingress quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-mtbroker-ingress
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-mtchannel-broker quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-mtchannel-broker
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-mtping quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-mtping
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-pong quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-pong
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-schema quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-schema
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-event-sender quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-event-sender
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-eventshub quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-eventshub
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-performance quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-performance
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-print quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-print
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-recordevents quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-recordevents
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-request-sender quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-request-sender
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-wathola-fetcher quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-wathola-fetcher
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-wathola-forwarder quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-wathola-forwarder
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-wathola-receiver quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-wathola-receiver
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-wathola-sender quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-wathola-sender
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-webhook quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-webhook
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-websocketsource quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-websocketsource
