registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-dispatcher quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-dispatcher:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-kafka-controller quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-kafka-controller:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-post-install quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-post-install:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-receiver quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-receiver:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-webhook-kafka quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-webhook-kafka:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-committed-offset quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-committed-offset:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-consumer-group-lag-provider-test quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-consumer-group-lag-provider-test:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-event-flaker quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-event-flaker:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-event-library quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-event-library:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-event-sender quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-event-sender:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-eventshub quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-eventshub:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-heartbeats quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-heartbeats:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-kafka-consumer quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-kafka-consumer:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-partitions-replication-verifier quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-partitions-replication-verifier:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-performance quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-performance:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-print quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-print:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-recordevents quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-recordevents:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-request-sender quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-request-sender:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-wathola-fetcher quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-wathola-fetcher:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-wathola-forwarder quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-wathola-forwarder:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-wathola-receiver quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-wathola-receiver:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-wathola-sender quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-kafka-broker-test-wathola-sender:knative-nightly
