registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-client quay.io/openshift-knative/kn:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:kn-cli-artifacts quay.io/openshift-knative/kn-cli-artifacts:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-client-test-helloworld quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-client-test-helloworld:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-client-test-grpc-ping quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-client-test-grpc-ping:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-event-sender quay.io/openshift-knative/event-sender:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-heartbeats quay.io/openshift-knative/heartbeats:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-performance quay.io/openshift-knative/performance:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-print quay.io/openshift-knative/print:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-recordevents quay.io/openshift-knative/recordevents:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-request-sender quay.io/openshift-knative/request-sender:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-wathola-forwarder quay.io/openshift-knative/wathola-forwarder:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-wathola-receiver quay.io/openshift-knative/wathola-receiver:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-wathola-sender quay.io/openshift-knative/wathola-sender:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/openshift-serverless-nightly:openshift-knative-operator quay.io/openshift-knative/openshift-knative-operator:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/openshift-serverless-nightly:knative-operator quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-operator:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/openshift-serverless-nightly:knative-openshift-ingress quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-openshift-ingress:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/openshift-serverless-nightly:metadata-webhook quay.io/openshift-knative/metadata-webhook:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/openshift-serverless-nightly:serverless-stop-bundle quay.io/openshift-knative/serverless-stop-bundle:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-event-flaker quay.io/openshift-knative/event-flaker:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-event-library quay.io/openshift-knative/event-library:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-eventshub quay.io/openshift-knative/eventshub:latest
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-wathola-fetcher quay.io/openshift-knative/wathola-fetcher:latest
