registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-apiserver-receive-adapter quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-apiserver-receive-adapter:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-appender quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-appender:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-channel-controller quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-channel-controller:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-channel-dispatcher quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-channel-dispatcher:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-chaosduck quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-chaosduck:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-controller quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-controller:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-event-display quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-event-display:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-heartbeats quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-heartbeats:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-heartbeats-receiver quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-heartbeats-receiver:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-migrate quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-migrate:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-mtbroker-filter quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-mtbroker-filter:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-mtbroker-ingress quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-mtbroker-ingress:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-mtchannel-broker quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-mtchannel-broker:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-mtping quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-mtping:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-pong quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-pong:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-schema quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-schema:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-storage-version-migration quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-storage-version-migration:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-webhook quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-webhook:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-websocketsource quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-websocketsource:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-event-flaker quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-event-flaker:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-event-library quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-event-library:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-event-sender quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-event-sender:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-eventshub quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-eventshub:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-heartbeats quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-heartbeats:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-performance quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-performance:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-print quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-print:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-recordevents quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-recordevents:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-request-sender quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-request-sender:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-wathola-fetcher quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-wathola-fetcher:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-wathola-forwarder quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-wathola-forwarder:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-wathola-receiver quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-wathola-receiver:knative-nightly
registry.ci.openshift.org/openshift/knative-nightly:knative-eventing-test-wathola-sender quay.io/openshift-knative/knative-eventing-test-wathola-sender:knative-nightly
