ci-operator
===========

This document describes how to create CI jobs for Openshift components using
ci-operator and is intended for component developers who want to add tests to
their CI process.

To begin setting up a CI jobs for a new repository, run `make new-repo`.

After editing the files under this directory, make sure to run the generator to
ensure that your changes are compliant to our conventions and pass the CI tests
that will run when you submit your changes as a PR:

```
make jobs
```

Pre-submit tests on this repository will ensure that a run of
the latest generator does not error on proposed configuration changes and also
does not generate any new configuration.

Conventions
-----------

Under this directory, we have three main directories:

*  `config/$org/$repo/$org-$repo-$branch.yaml`
   Contains your ci-operator definition which describes how the images and tests
   in your repo works. These files are copied into config maps on the CI cluster
   and referenced by Prow jobs. If you are building branches within a fork of a
   repo in another organization, $repo should point to the fork that holds the
   branch (for example github.com/openshift/kubernetes-metrics-server instead of
   k8s.io/metrics-server).
*  `jobs/$org/$repo/$org-$repo-$branch-(presubmit|postsubmit|periodic).yaml`
   Contains Prow job definitions for each repository that are run on PRs, on merges,
   or periodically. When we branch jobs, we will copy the current master jobs into
   a release branch specific job. Each prow job calls into the appropriate subset
   of the tests defined in your ci-operator config and passes in the secrets and
   infrastructure info specific to our CI environment
*  `templates/*.yaml`
   These templates are used for more complicated jobs that don't run in a single
   pod. The templates are referenced by the Prow jobs and are instantiated by
   the ci-operator using parameters generated by the build (references to images
   usually).

End-to-end tests
----------------

This section describes how to configure end-to-end tests using ci-operator.  In
this context, "end-to-end" means the functionality of the application is being
tested on top of a Kubernetes cluster from an end-user perspective.

The preferred way to write this type of tests is using `ci-operator`.  See the
documentation for details on how to download, build, and execute it:

https://github.com/openshift/ci-tools.git

ci-operator requires a configuration file for the repository being tested.
These files are located in the [`config`](config/) directory.  The ci-operator
repository has documentation for adding a new configuration file in case one
doesn't already exist.  These files take care of most of the CI process:
downloading the source, building binaries, building RPMs, creating images,
executing unit tests, etc., and can be built upon for e2e tests with little or
no modification.

To add an e2e test:

1. Determine the pre-requisites for the test.  Practically, this means choosing
   the ci-operator template according to the type of test.  There are already
   files in the [`templates`](templates/) directory for the most common cases,
   see [Using a template](#using-a-template) below.
2. Determine and configure the template's inputs.  This is specific to each
   template and should be documented in its parameters.  The e2e test might
   need minor modifications to fit the environment created by the template.
3. Add one or more Prow jobs to Prow's configuration file with the information
   gathered in the previous steps.


### Provisioning a cluster

Contrary to other types of tests, e2e tests usually require a cluster, not just
a single container.  While there aren't yet native primitives in `ci-operator`
for cluster provisioning, it provides one open-ended feature that can be
leveraged to accomplish that: template steps.

Template steps allow the creation of arbitrary objects in the cluster where the
CI pipeline is executed.  This is used to start a pod that will then provision
a separate cluster for the tests.  This directory already contains a few
templates that can be used either directly or (rarely necessary, in practice)
as a reference:

- `cluster-launch-e2e.yaml`: launches a cluster in GCP using openshift-ansible
  and runs Origin e2e tests on it, parameterized by test focus.
- `cluster-launch-src.yaml`: launches a cluster in GCP using openshift-ansible
  and runs a script from the repository being tested with the resulting
  `$KUBECONFIG`, parameterized by test script.
- `cluster-launch-installer-e2e.yaml`: same as `cluster-launch-e2e.yaml`, but
  uses `openshift-installer` instead of `openshift-ansible`.
- `cluster-launch-installer-src.yaml`: same as `cluster-launch-src.yaml`, but
  uses `openshift-installer` instead of `openshift-ansible`.
- `master-sidecar-4.2.yaml`: spins up a simple openshift control plane as a sidecar
  and waits for the `COMMAND` specified to the template to be executed, before
  itself exiting. The test container is given access to the generated
  configuration and the `admin.kubeconfig`.

To access the cluster, the test should use the standard configuration loading
rules, which are described in the upstream documentation:

https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/access-cluster-api


### Using a template

The preferred way to add a test that uses a template is to add it to the
`ci-operator` configuration file and use the configuration generator to
[generate the job](https://github.com/openshift/ci-tools/blob/master/ONBOARD.md#add-prow-jobs).
The list of supported test types can be found in the
[configuration documentation](https://github.com/openshift/ci-tools/blob/master/CONFIGURATION.md#tests).

The process for adding jobs manually is significantly more complex. For
templates that are expected to be used by many jobs, it may be easier to add
support for automatic generation. The example job in the next section can be
used as a reference for jobs that are not in that category.


### Writing a template

This section covers the process of creating a new template when none of the
existing ones provide the workflow required for a particular type of test — e.g.
when a new installer needs to be supported. It supplements the `ci-operator`
[template documentation](https://github.com/openshift/ci-tools/blob/master/TEMPLATES.md).

From the perspective of an end-to-end test, a `ci-operator` template is simply
a way to create one or more pods and auxiliary objects to setup and clean up
the environment and execute the test.

While users should deal mostly with the `ci-operator` configuration file and
generate Prow jobs automatically from it, the structure of the Prow jobs has to
be taken into consideration when writing a template.
For example, the following snippet from [the configuration file](https://github.com/openshift/release/blob/master/ci-operator/config/openshift/origin/openshift-origin-master.yaml) of repo `openshift/origin` is used to generate the [presubmit job](https://github.com/openshift/release/blob/master/ci-operator/jobs/openshift/origin/openshift-origin-master-presubmits.yaml)  `pull-ci-openshift-origin-master-e2e-conformance-k8s`
which uses the template [`cluster-launch-installer-src.yaml`](https://github.com/openshift/release/blob/master/ci-operator/templates/openshift/installer/cluster-launch-installer-src.yaml):

```
- as: e2e-conformance-k8s
  commands: test/extended/conformance-k8s.sh
  openshift_installer_src:
    cluster_profile: aws
```

The CI process begins when a webhook from Github triggers the creation of one
or more Prow jobs. For a complete description of Prow jobs, see the
[upstream documentation](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/blob/master/prow/jobs.md).

```yaml
# ci-operator/jobs/openshift/origin/openshift-origin-master-presubmits.yaml
presubmits:
  openshift/origin:
  # …
  - agent: kubernetes
    always_run: true
    # Each branch needs its own ci-operator configuration file.
    branches:
    - master
    context: ci/prow/e2e-conformance-k8s
    decorate: true
    # The name should follow the format used for auto-generated jobs:
    # pull-ci-$org-$repo-$branch-$name or branch-ci-$org-$repo-$branch-$name.
    # "e2e-conformance-k8s" is used as a unique identifier for for this job
    # thoughout the job definition (e.g. in `context` above).
    name: pull-ci-openshift-origin-master-e2e-conformance-k8s
    rerun_command: /test e2e-conformance-k8s
    # ci-operator doesn't require the source code of the repository, it will
    # be cloned in a separate container.
    skip_cloning: true
    spec:
      containers:
      # The names passed to `--secret-dir`, `--target`, and `--template` are
      # important and should follow the format presented here.
      - args:
        - --artifact-dir=$(ARTIFACTS)
        - --give-pr-author-access-to-namespace=true
        # `--secret-dir` references a directory that is volume-mounted in the
        # container by combining secrets and configmaps from the cluster. This
        # is one way of passing extra configuration as input to the template.
        - --secret-dir=/usr/local/e2e-conformance-k8s-cluster-profile
        - --target=e2e-conformance-k8s
        # The template is stored in a configmap in the cluster and
        # volume-mounted in the container.
        - --template=/usr/local/e2e-conformance-k8s
        command:
        - ci-operator
        # Other than CONFIG_SPEC, these are specific to the template being
        # used.
        env:
        - name: CLUSTER_TYPE
          value: gcp
        # The ci-operator configuration stored in a configmap in the cluster.
        - name: CONFIG_SPEC
          valueFrom:
            configMapKeyRef:
              key: openshift-origin-master.yaml
              name: ci-operator-master-configs
        - name: JOB_NAME_SAFE
          value: e2e-conformance-k8s
        - name: TEST_COMMAND
          value: test/extended/conformance-k8s.sh
        image: ci-operator:latest
        imagePullPolicy: Always
        name: ""
        resources:
          requests:
            cpu: 10m
        volumeMounts:
        - mountPath: /usr/local/e2e-conformance-k8s-cluster-profile
          name: cluster-profile
        - mountPath: /usr/local/e2e-conformance-k8s
          name: job-definition
          subPath: cluster-launch-src.yaml
      serviceAccountName: ci-operator
      # Specific to the template being used. Combine a secret and a configmap
      # into a directory that will be copied to the namespace created by
      # ci-operator using the `--secret-dir` option.
      volumes:
      - name: cluster-profile
        projected:
          sources:
          - secret:
              name: cluster-secrets-gcp
          - configMap:
              name: cluster-profile-gcp
      # The template stored in a configmap in the cluster.
      - configMap:
          name: prow-job-cluster-launch-src
        name: job-definition
    trigger: ((?m)^/test( all| e2e-conformance-k8s),?(\s+|$))
```

The `Secret`s and `ConfigMap`s referenced by the job reside in the `ci`
namespace. `cluster-profile-*` are `ConfigMap`s that contain the cluster
profiles in [this repository](../cluster/test-deploy/). `cluster-secrets-*` are
`Secret`s that contain credentials to provision and access clusters in a
specific cloud provider (the contents can be seen in the
[script that populates them](./populate-secrets-from-bitwarden.sh).


#### Inputs

When instantiating the template, data about the pipeline is provided as
[parameters](https://github.com/openshift/ci-tools/blob/master/TEMPLATES.md#parameters-available-to-templates).
The location of images and RPMs from both the release and the CI pipeline is
available this way. Extra parameters can be provided via environment variables,
which will have to be set by the Prow job.

External access to the images that were built in the test namespace is required by most
end-to-end tests, so templates often create this role binding:

```yaml
- kind: RoleBinding
  apiVersion: authorization.openshift.io/v1
  metadata:
    name: ${JOB_NAME_SAFE}-image-puller
    namespace: ${NAMESPACE}
  roleRef:
    name: system:image-puller
  subjects:
  - kind: SystemGroup
    name: system:unauthenticated
```

The template can reference objects from any namespace, but Kubernetes requires
them to be in the same namespace to be used as volume mounts.  As described in
the section above, the Prow job definition and `ci-operator`'s `--secret-dir`
can be used to combine objects into a volume mount and make them available in
the test namespace.


#### Outputs

The outputs of a template test are:

- Success/failure status, determined from the test pod.
- The pod's `stdout` and `stderr`, reflected in ci-operator's output in case of
  failure.
- Artifacts.

These are described in more detail in the
[`ci-operator` documentation](https://github.com/openshift/ci-tools/blob/master/TEMPLATES.md#expected-output-from-templates).

### Adding a template

With the template file ready, the steps required to add it to the repository
and make it available for CI jobs are:

1. Create the yaml file in the `templates/` directory.
2. Add the files to the [`config-updater` section of Prow's configuration file](https://github.com/openshift/release/blob/master/core-services/prow/02_config/_plugins.yaml)
   to ensure they are added to a `ConfigMap` in the CI cluster.
3. Optional: add a test type to `ci-operator` to enable automatic generation of
   jobs that use this template.
4. Add necessary secrets (if any) to the deployment configuration in this
   repository and apply it to the cluster.

Because the configuration updater configuration has to be updated before a PR
with the files is merged, those changes have to be merged previously in a
separate PR.


### Testing a template

A job that uses a template can be tested in two different ways. The easiest is
to just create a pull request, which will then trigger a run of all added or
changed jobs.
For complete control of the execution, the more manual process of assembling
the `ci-operator` call can be used.

#### Testing manually

`ci-operator` tests can be executed locally with little effort, but setting up
the dependencies for template tests is more involved. The typical end-to-end
test requires:

- A kubeconfig pointing to a cluster with external access.
- The `ci-operator` configuration file.
- The template file.
- The secrets required for the `--secret-dir` option, if applicable.
- The environment variables required, if applicable.

The simplest way to get started is to create a personal namespace in the
[CI cluster](https://api.ci.openshift.org). Substitute `mynamespace` below with
the name of that namespace.

The secrets and environment variables are very specific to the template in use,
but the `e2e-conformance-k8s` can be used as a general example. The template it
uses (`cluster-launch-src`) requires two parameters (the others are all
provided by `ci-operator`): `CLUSTER_TYPE` determines the cloud provider used
to provision the cluster, and `TEST_COMMAND` is the command that executes the
test.

This template also requires a secret containing the cluster profile and
credentials. In the CI cluster, it is created using a volume that combines the
projection of a `Secret` and a `ConfigMap`. Locally, it has to be assembled
into a directory manually. How these objects are composed is described in the
["writing a template" section](#writing-a-template) above. One final note:
because the name of the secret is determined by the argument passed to
`--secret-dir`, the directory has to be named in a way that reflects the secret
name expected by the template.

Putting this all together, to execute the `e2e-conformance-k8s` test the
following command can be used:

```sh
name=mytestname
CLUSTER_TYPE=gcp
mkdir artifacts/ "$name-cluster-profile"/
ln -s "$PWD/cluster/test-deploy/$CLUSTER_TYPE/"* "$name-cluster-profile"/
# populate the following files in the $name-cluster-profile directory:
# - gce.json
# - ops-mirror.pem
# - ssh-privatekey
# - ssh-publickey
# - telemeter-token
export CLUSTER_TYPE JOB_NAME_SAFE=$name TEST_COMMAND=test/extended/conformance-k8s.sh
ci-operator \
    --artifact-dir artifacts/ \
    --config ci-operator/config/openshift/origin/openshift-origin-master.yaml \
    --git-ref openshift/origin@master \
    --template ci-operator/templates/cluster-launch-src.yaml \
    --target cluster-launch-src \
    --secret-dir "$name-cluster-profile/" \
    --namespace mynamespace
```

### Rebalancing tests among platforms

If test volume for a given platform exceeds [the Boskos lease capacity][boskos-leases], [`jobs-failing-with-lease-acquire-timeout`](../clusters/app.ci/prow-monitoring/mixins/prometheus_out/prometheus-prow-rules_prometheusrule.yaml) will fire.
Presubmit jobs may be rebalanced to move platform-agnostic jobs to platforms with available capacity.
Component teams may mark their presubmit jobs as platform-agnostic by configuring `as` names which exclude the platform slug (e.g. `aws`), whose absence is used as a marker of "this test is platform-agnostic".
For example, see [release#10152][release-10152].
To locate platform-specific jobs which might be good candidates for moving to the platform-agnostic pool, you can use:

```console
$ hack/step-jobs-by-platform.py
workflows which need alternative platforms to support balancing:
  baremetalds-e2e
  ipi-aws
  ipi-aws-ovn-hybrid
  openshift-e2e-aws-csi
...
count	platform	status	alternatives	job
39	gcp	balanceable	aws,azure,vsphere	pull-ci-openshift-cluster-version-operator-master-e2e
26	aws	unknown	azure,gcp,vsphere	pull-ci-openshift-sriov-dp-admission-controller-master-e2e-aws
15	aws	unknown	azure,gcp,vsphere	pull-ci-openshift-cluster-authentication-operator-master-e2e-aws
10	aws	balanceable	azure,vsphere	pull-ci-openshift-machine-config-operator-master-e2e-ovn-step-registry
9	aws	unknown	gcp	pull-ci-openshift-cluster-samples-operator-release-4.1-e2e-aws-image-ecosystem
...
```

### Rebalancing AWS tests among regions and zones

Occasionally we hit install errors like:

```
Error launching source instance: InsufficientInstanceCapacity: We currently do not have sufficient m5.xlarge capacity in the Availability Zone you requested (us-east-1b). Our system will be working on provisioning additional capacity. You can currently get m5.xlarge capacity by not specifying an Availability Zone in your request or choosing us-east-1a, us-east-1c, us-east-1d, us-east-1f
```

Or AWS will have issues in a particular region, resulting in:

```
[DEBUG] plugin.terraform-provider-aws: 2019/03/22 18:02:51 [DEBUG] [aws-sdk-go] DEBUG: Response ec2/RunInstances Details:"
[DEBUG] plugin.terraform-provider-aws: ---[ RESPONSE ]--------------------------------------"
[DEBUG] plugin.terraform-provider-aws: HTTP/1.1 500 Internal Server Error"
```

or similar.
To keep CI going during these events, we can reconfigure to push CI load away from impacted regions and zones.
Focusing on [step-registry](step-registry) consumers, you could avoid us-east-1b by changing:

* [`ipi-conf-aws-commands.sh`](step-registry/ipi/conf/aws/ipi-conf-aws-commands.sh) to set explicit `zone_1` and `zone_2` for a particular `aws_region`.
    You can also drop an entry entirely, although you will need to update `$((RANDOM % 4))` to match the number of defined entries.
    If your changes affect concurrent AWS capacity (e.g. because you removed a high-volume region), you may also need to adjust [the Boskos lease capacity][boskos-leases] to avoid overloading the remaining capacity.
* [`ipi-conf-aws-sharednetwork-commands.sh`](step-registry/ipi/conf/aws/sharednetwork/ipi-conf-aws-sharednetwork-commands.sh) to drop affected regions.
    All of the same caveats from the previous `ipi-conf-aws-commands.sh` entry apply here too, although it is harder to shift zones within a region without creating completely new shared subnets.
    If you do need to create new shared subnets, the procedure is covered [here][aws-creating-shared-subnets].
* There are currently no steps excercising the user-provided flow on AWS, so no pointers about what to adjust there.
* There are [legacy templates](templates/openshift/installer) which could be updated to pivot regions and zones, but they should have few consumers and leaving them impacted would help motivate the remaining consumers to move to the step registry.

[aws-creating-shared-subnets]: https://github.com/openshift/release/pull/6949/commits/1b21187950b7d1d83f87774e9c52e74616e1b6c4
[boskos-leases]: https://steps.ci.openshift.org/help/leases
[release-10152]: https://github.com/openshift/release/pull/10152
